docs: add note about needing hwloc 2.8.0 for PV (#11494)
open-mpi/ompi: docs/release-notes/platform.rst

  * Slurm
  * Cray XE, XC, and XK
  * Oracle Grid Engine (OGE) 6.1, 6.2 and open source Grid Engine

> .. note:: There is a known issue with the HWLOC releases older than 2.8.0 and systems with Ponte Vecchio accelerators.  HWLOC 2.8.0 or newer is required on such systems.

Reviewer: This doesn't feel like quite the right location to put this information.  How about adding either in the table at the top of `installing-open-mpi/required-support-libraries.rst`, or perhaps in a "Note" right below the table...?

```suggestion
.. note:: There is a known issue with the [Hwloc](https://www.open-mpi.org/projects/hwloc/) releases older than v2.8.0 and systems with Intel Ponte Vecchio accelerators.  Hwloc v2.8.0 or newer is required on such systems.
```

Author: okay that sounds good.  i'll put the blurb there.
